Update getting started with content management (#5196)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_publishing-and-promoting-a-content-view.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="publishing-and-promoting-a-content-view"]
= Publishing and promoting a content view

[role="_abstract"]
A content view is a curated snapshot of your repositories.

> When you publish a content view, {Project} takes a point-in-time copy of the selected repositories, which you promote through your lifecycle environment path.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to help make some of the terms more familiar to new users. Feel free to reword.
```suggestion
A content view is a curated collection of your repositories.
When you publish a content view, {Project} takes a point-in-time copy of the selected repositories.
This snapshot, called a content view version, is delivered to hosts through promotion to a lifecycle environment.
```

In this example, you create a content view, publish the first version, and promote it to the *Development* environment.

> 

Reviewer: Would you please add a prerequisite that the content must be synced before publication (+ potentially link to the guide)? Lots of new users run into this.
